[Harrow]
Previously, on "Harrow"...
You need me.
Don't need anyone.
What if I quit,
and you and me,
we sail to Bora Bora?
Fern, I'm sorry.
I have to stay.
[Fairley] We're not in
the "why" business, Harrow.
We're in
the "what happened"
business.
[Nichols]
Sergeant Soroya Dass,
new Scene of Crimes,
just up from Melbourne.
Dr Daniel Harrow. Prick.
[Dass]
So, this is
where you live.
There's something
I want to show you.
Fishermen found something
down there this afternoon.
Knew you'd love it.
-A finger.
-Looks mechanically cut to me.
-[Girl #1] My feet hurt.
-[Girl #2] Quit complaining.
[Girl #1] Yeah, well,
this is fantastic.
Great shortcut.
[Girl #3] Hey, you both
wanted a shortcut.
[Girl #2] I didn't want
Miss Jackson to kill us.
[Girl #1]
But she will if she--
Here! The track? See?
I told you. Come on!
Come on!
What's the problem now?
[thud]
[flies buzzing]
[opening theme plays]
[male voice]
The person you've called
is not available.
Please leave your message
after the tone.
[beep]
Fern, it's me.
Please, let me
talk to you.
You didn't give me
a chance to explain.
I can't leave
a message, so...
[sighs]
Call me back, OK?
Please.
[Pavich] I can't believe
you did that.
[sighs]
You resign,
you un-resign.
You gonna quit again?
I can't see that
happening.
[laughs]
You're an idiot.
OK. The, uh...
the river bones case.
-Yes.
-It's just bones, so...
I thought it would
make more sense
to give it to Fairley,
given his expertise
with orthopaedics,
but then...
you seem to love
a mystery, so...
I do.
So, you or Fairley?
You or Fairley, what?
Oh, shoot.
Me or Fairley do
the his or hers
shoe and handbag
photo spread
for Humblebrag Weekly.
-Hmm...
-What?
I say give that to Fairley.
I'll take the bones.
Good, 'cause CIB are
turning up this afternoon
looking for an update.
Do I want this? No.
Do I want to flick it
to Homicide? Yes.
Can I? No.
Not till it looks
like murder.
Well, it looks pretty
murder-y to me.
Looks kinda gangland.
Very gangland.
Plus, there was
a finger bone
deliberately severed--
possibly post-mortem?
Possibly.
[Nichols]
Do you have a skull?
[Dass]
We're still diving.
[Nichols] Well, how long
was he in the water for?
It's very difficult
to say--
Well, roughly.
Roughly between two
and six years.
[Nichols]
Two and six--
Do you have any idea
how many people are
reported missing
in Australia every year?
-Thirty-eight thous--
-38,000.
Over six years, that's--
-Two hundred--
-228,000.
Now, admittedly,
half of them are women,
and two-thirds of them show up
and Queensland's only
a fifth of the population,
-but that still leaves
a pool of--
-15,200.
Well, it's a shitload
of missing persons.
God, do you have any clue
who this guy was?
None whatsoever,
but I do have
-the nation's
top pathologist.
-[sighs]
You should be able
to get a profile, right?
There's some big bones
still intact.
Do you wanna talk? Nope.
Iwant to talk.
Yeah, but we'll
just end up
on Macklemore
and cool sculpting
again.
You resigned,
and now you're back.
Has something happened?
Something changed your mind?
Nothing changed.
That's the point.
I think this
is just one guy.
No double-ups.
We are still missing
a bunch of bones.
The top vertebra,
clavicle, patella,
the skull.
Do you think
he was beheaded?
No.
There's no sign of it.
Skulls detach
and roll around,
and with that current,
it could be anywhere
downstream.
Well, we'll need a big bone
for the sectioning.
What about the humerus?
I think we should sample
a bone from the concrete.
A femur would be best.
Well, it's pretty
well stuck.
It'll take a while
to get out.
Well, then,
let's take our time
and get it right.
[phone buzzes]
Harrow.
[Dass]
Feel like getting
some sunshine?
[police radio chatter]
[Nichols]
What do you need?
[Dass]
Everyone away. I want
this whole area cleared.
[Nichols]
Gentlemen and ladies,
let's get outta here.
[Dass]
Come on. Out.
[police radio chatter]
Think anything's gone?
Like what?
Like her heart.
Full moon last night.
Ask any cop. Full moon's
when the crazy happens.
Well, it'd be
hard to tell yet.
Been here a few hours.
Hm, ambient temp.
Not much hypostasis.
Not much blood
left in her.
Yeah, but I can't see
any blood spatter.
-You?
-Hmm.
I think she was dead
when she was cut open.
Yeah, that looks like
a sharp knife.
We'll start
a search for that.
[grunts]
[camera beeps]
Dass! Got a sec?
[Nichols]
The boys found a car.
[Dass] She was
a ride share driver?
Yeah. Philippa Wedburg.
Forty. Single mother.
-Phone's still here.
-Exactly.
We're talking to the family
to see if we can
get the passcode.
Hey, uh, seal
this area off, too?
Yep.
Just be careful
where you put your feet.
I think
she was running.
[panting]
See any footprints?
No clear ones.
[grunts]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[cameras clicking]
-[Dass] She fell?
-[Harrow] Or was pushed.
Did the fall kill her?
Possible, but...
Oh! There.
Look, it's rough.
Hmm.
Another one here.
Look at this.
What's that shape
in the middle?
-I don't know.
-[phone rings]
Heya.
[Nichols]
We've unlocked
the phone.
We found the name
of her last booking.
-On the ground!
Get on the ground!
-Shit!
-[all shouting]
-On the ground now!
[man groans]
C-Can I call work?
I'm late.
[Harrow]
You didn't give me
a chance to explain.
I can't leave a message,
so...
[sighs]...
call me back, OK?
Who you talkin' to?
Your dad?
You should have
spoken to him
at the hospital.
-He could have helped--
-He's no help.
I didn't like
leaving you there.
Yeah? Imagine if
I'd let you stay.
What good are you
behind bars?
I'm not leaving you
like that again.
I don't care
what you say.
You're stuck with me.
Mm.
Hm.
[kisses]
What's this?
[sighs]
I found them
in the bedroom.
-I was gonna
give it to you--
-No. Put it back.
Squatting's one thing,
but breaking and entering
and stealing, that's time.
[sighs]
[dogs barking]
They're here!
The owners!
-Shit. Shit!
-Don't panic.
Get your stuff.
Callan.
Stop freaking out.
Callan! Back door!
Oh, shit!
And I saved the day.
And the gamekeeper said,
and I quote you this,
"This has never
happened before."
Is this Fairley's
lion cub story?
Oh, I love this one.
I just met Dr Fairley.
He has an excellent
reputation.
-Mm.
-What do you want,
Harrow?
I want to hear
the sad part,
where the lion cub
gets killed
by your Jeep.
Oh!
N-no, I--it was...
Pleasure to meet you,
Soroya.
Lyle.
I heard you made
an arrest.
Yeah, but
the guy's denying
any knowledge of using
ride share last night.
He claims his phone
was stolen.
Hmm.
Ready?
["In the Evening
[When the Sun Goes Down]"
playing]
♪ In the evenin'
In the evenin' ♪
[Simon] Skin here
on this palm heel
is abraded.
[Harrow]
Yeah, same.
She fell a few times.
[panting, grunting]
OK, I'm gonna
fingerprint now.
-[device beeps]
-Pass me the endocam.
[electronic noises]
There's a cut
on her chin.
A branch?
Hmm, too neat.
It's triangular.
I think someone held
a knife under there.
[man]
Get out of the car.
Move.
-OK. Mind helping us out?
-Hmm.
♪ When the sun goes down
No sign of sexual trauma.
You'll swab and confirm?
Mm.
One large incision...
just beneath left clavicle,
parallel with
and five centimetres
left of the sternum.
Seventeen centimetres.
Clean, confident cut.
Confident?
You mean experienced?
Mm, and in a quarry.
Aztecs.
Yes!
The Aztecs sacrificed humans
to console the spirit of
the god monster Tlaltecuhtli
who was torn apart
to create earth and sky.
-This happens.
-I see.
Tlaltecuhtli liked
her hearts beating,
whereas Philippa here--
Was dead before
she was cut open.
Mm, and her heart
is still here.
No, the killer wasn't
trying to remove her heart,
he was removing something from
her heart.
Like a bullet.
Mm. If it was,
he knew exactly
where to find it,
and that's lucky.
[phone beeps]
Let's remove
and sample her heart.
I have to go.
I'll take these
to Scientific.
Call me.
She's nice.
Good in the room.
She's horrible.
She's a cop.
They're just as bad
as pathologists.
[bone saw whirs]
OK. That's everything
ready for Histology.
Can I close?
Mm.
Have we missed something?
Like what?
-[phone buzzing]
-Mm.
Oh! Can you get that?
Hi! Soroya.
Oh, Harrow thinks
you're horrible.
You're a pain
in the ass.
Oh, horrible and
a pain in the ass.
No, no, no, no, no.
Simon was dropped
on the head as a child.
Hm. Here I was gonna
ask you for a drink.
A drink?
What, like
a drinkdrink,
at a bar?
Like a drink-drink
at a bar.
-When?
- Now.
[Nichols]
Listen, we might need
a list of staff members
that were working
on the night,
and the last six months
as well would be--
[door closes]
-A word, Sergeant.
-[Dass] Yep.
He is not one of us.
I know that,
but I think
he could be helpful.
-[Nichols] I understand
your position...
-You're popular.
Yeah. But those
I don't kill,
I make stronger.
[chuckles]
You. Good grace
demands silence.
Observe. Say nothing.
Absolutely.
So the guy you arrested
whose phone booked
Philippa Wedburg,
this is where he claimed
he lost it?
Yeah.
These security cameras,
they work?
Yeah. Yeah, in the back.
[Harrow]
So, whoever
had the phone,
did Wedburg
pick them up outside?
Nope. No, it was booked
from a vacant lot
on the other side
of the rail line.
No cameras, no nothing.
[Dass]
There. That guy
at the bar.
Go back. Replay that.
[Nichols]
Well, there's our lad Clark.
Half cut and then some.
And his phone.
[Nichols]
There.
Well, that's as useful
as a chocolate teapot.
What now?
I'll get the uniforms
doorknocking
for other cameras
on the street.
[Nichols]
I'm gonna find
Mr. Check Shirt.
[sighs]
[Harrow] Why did you
invite me here?
Heard about you
when I was still
in Melbourne.
That you like
to get involved.
Hm. What else did
you hear about me?
That you don't listen.
You're conceited.
Your shaving skills
are lacking.
You're a loose cannon.
Still want to get
that drink?
You took too long
to answer!
Shit. Yes!
We'll see.
You're screwed.
What do you mean?
You're under her spell.
How were drinks?
Confusing.
Hey, listen, are we
running chem tests
on Wedburg's sternum skin
and sub-sternum tissue?
No, I don't think so.
Why?
In case she was shot.
Let's look for a bullet wipe.
So maybe skip the bones
and do that before you go?
Sure.
Oh, and there's someone
here to see you.
Good afternoon.
I'm Caterina Wedburg.
Um, Philippa Wedburg's
daughter.
Dan. Harrow.
Please, come and sit down.
Um, she's in there,
the police said.
Yeah, she is.
Can I go see her, please?
Well, you could.
She's your mother.
But right now,
she's my patient.
Patient?
You do the autopsies.
You're not gonna
make her well.
No.
No one's going to make
your mum well again.
It makes me very angry.
And it makes me very sad.
But... my job is not
to be angry or sad.
My job is to find out
how she died...
so we can find out
who did this.
And I'm looking
at everything.
And I'm taking care
of her, I promise.
It's up to you.
This one.
-[rattling]
- Bingo.
-Got it.
-[Jamaican accent] See?
Everything gonna be
awright, girl.
[chuckles]
Idiot.
Fern.
Didn't think my playing
was that bad.
I came down with her
immunisation papers
thinking you
might need them.
I find this.
I ring Maxine.
"Didn't Daniel resign?
Isn't he going
to Bora Bora?" "No!
Harrow changed his mind."
Steph--
No! Just...
She knows how much
you love that guitar.
If this is what she does
on the outside--
How could you
let her down like that?
Again?
It's...
[sighs] I don't think
I'm gonna want to talk
to you for a while.
["If You Gotta Make a Fool
of Somebody" plays]
♪ If you gotta make a fool
of somebody ♪
of someone ♪
♪ Do you really
have to hurt me ♪
♪ I'm the one that'll worry
♪ About you
♪ If you gotta make a fool
of somebody ♪
of someone ♪
♪ Do you really have
to hurt me? ♪
♪ I am the one that loves you
♪ I love you
♪ Always true
♪ I want you
Re-examination
of Philippa Wedburg's
heart,
removed and sampled
earlier, same day.
CAT scan identified
small foreign object.
Revealed by
physical examination
to be...
...splinter of wood.
Oh! Don't do that!
I think I can get
this femur out.
Leave that. Look at this.
Ash. European ash.
A wood favoured by
traditional European fletchers
for making arrow shafts.
Wedburg was shot
by an arrow.
Mm, think about it.
If she were shot
with an arrow with,
say, a barbed head,
it wouldn't pull out.
It would have to be
cut out.
And in the process
of cutting it out,
the killer
nicked off a bit
of arrow shaft.
European ash.
OK.
So, how are you
gonna find out
who makes
European ash arrows?
Oh, I'm not. You are.
[Simon]
Is this what you spend
your spare time on?
Honestly, it
explains a lot.
-[phone buzzes]
-Just find out who in town
sells arrow shafts
made of ash.
And check in with
the organics lab.
They have the splinter.
Well, if you already know
it's made of European ash,
then what are you looking for?
I'll tell you when
I find it.
[crickets chirping]
[knock on door]
What?
-Oh, thank buggery.
-How are you, Jack?
Any better
and I'd be dangerous.
Stout fellow.
Ahh.
-Mm.
-How are you, Jackie?
-Visitor?
-Piss off, Hovard.
How's Maxine?
Oh, Maxine's fine.
And your protégé?
As usual,
annoying and thorough.
Ah, my protégé
was annoying and thorough.
[chuckles]
So, what's wrong?
[sighs]
A body's come up.
I think he might be a guy
that would have best
been forgotten.
Jack.
Were you ever tempted...?
To falsify evidence?
Get the door.
I never told anyone this.
Not even Pam.
There was a girl
on my table.
Exotic dancer, apparently.
Couldn't have been more
than 19.
Impacted skull.
Broken hyoid.
Strangled.
And I knew who did it.
This copper.
Evil, violent bastard.
Then a second girl,
streetwalker,
turned up similar.
And then a third.
I knew it was this mongrel
killing these girls,
but he was untouchable.
Except...I had his blood.
He provided it
to exclude him from
a previous crime scene.
All I needed to do
was put a drop
of his blood
on that girl's blouse
before it went
to Scientific.
What did you do?
Nothing.
I couldn't do it.
And it was six years
before he went down
for corruption.
And another girl died.
I think of that.
[light moaning]
[gasps]
[groans]
[Harrow]
How's the pain?
Ah, much better.
Ah. Love you, Pammy.
[whimpers]
No, please!
[Dass] So you're saying that imprint
is from a crossbow?
Some crossbows are cocked
by the user putting a foot
into a stirrup
and drawing the string
up to the nut.
OK.
European ash, which
I found in Ms. Wedburg,
was commonly used
to make crossbow bolts.
Commonly?
When, commonly?
Middle Ages.
A European medieval
crossbow bolt.
It's not
an everyday item.
A unique identifier.
Which is why our killer
took the time to cut it
out of her.
So, where do we find
a European crossbow bolt
in not-medieval
not-Europe?
Simon has his uses.
[Man] Yeah, I sell
a few of 'em.
Crossbows are
Category M weapons.
Yeah, that's why
I check the licenses
of all my buyers.
And I make sure I wait
the appropriate
cooling-off period
before delivery,
and I tell you lot
of all my sales.
-Ash bolt.
-Yeah.
-Maple vane?
Attached with
rabbit hide glue.
What do you want?
Do you know this woman?
Been to Brisbane recently?
I don't go to Brisbane.
It's shitty.
Oh. You make the bows,
you sell the bows,
and we trust you
to tell us
who buys the bows.
I can see
a loophole or two.
And if someone wanted
a bow, but didn't
want it reported?
[sighs]
You gave someone
a crossbow off the book.
Who?
I don't know anything.
Hm.
Well, I know that
illegally supplying
a Category M weapon
could get you a 10K fine,
and I also know that
supplying a restricted weapon
that's been used
in a murder could get you
five years inside.
VKR, this is Whisky 589--
Wait.
[moaning]
What a naughty boy.
Giving away a crossbow?
Well, giving away
a crossbow for sex.
Would you
break the law
for sex?
-No.
-Not even a threesome?
-[Nichols] Is this
your cosplay material?
- No. They brought it all.
When did they
film this?
About six months ago.
[Nichols]
Did you get their names?
They take off their masks?
Well, yeah,
but not in the room.
Can you describe them?
-[moaning]
-Yeah, no, not really.
Um, they were, you know...
-What?
-Hot.
Can you give me something?
Were they a couple?
Yeah, I think so.
-[groaning]
-Ugh.
What's that pattern?
I don't know.
It's not clear.
[howls]
And they took
the crossbow
and bolts and left.
There we go.
[Nichols] See him?
Get onto the tech guys.
I want to find that guy
and his girlfriend.
Is this clear enough
for facial recognition?
You bet your ass it is.
[tyres screeching]
[police radio chatter]
Why are you releasing him?
Are you happy about this?
No, but Wedburg's car
was a mess of DNA,
and we didn't find
any of their DNA
on her clothes.
Anna, the girlfriend,
denies being in the sex tape
with your bow maker.
No crossbows or bolts
in their house.
Although we did find
a heap of iffy shit.
Iffy like what?
Books. Black magic,
Druid stuff, lunar charts.
Full moon.
[no audible dialogue]
Oh, this sucks.
Settle down, tiger.
We'll get him.
[phone ringing]
Sorry.
-[phone ringing]
-[police radio chatter]
I'm sick to the nuts
of you, Harrow.
What's wrong
with Blake Poyner's
left hand?
How did you know--?
OK, fine. Ah, Poyner
attempted suicide
as a teenager.
He, uh, severed
the tendons
in his left wrist.
But listen, Harrow, we've got this now, OK? Leave it alone.
[knocks on door]
-Yes?
-Anna, hi.
Daniel Harrow.
Is Blake home?
Uh, not yet. Excuse me,
I don't understand.
You can't be here.
You need help, Anna.
Why? Are you a lawyer?
We can't afford a lawyer.
Ah, what a terrible
business.
Wasn't you in that
sex tape, was it?
The police already
searched everything.
Don't mind me.
-This is Blake's stuff, right?
-[Poyner] It is.
And you can't be here
without a warrant.
Well, I'm not a cop.
Well, then I can
break your face.
What, with your
good hand?
Blake...
It wasn't you that shot
Philippa Wedburg, was it?
And it sure wasn't
your girlfriend here.
So, who did?
You'll never know.
Someone's protecting you.
Who made you that?
She must be very special.
You'll never know.
-A candle.
-Yes.
You ever heard of
the Cimetière des Saints-Innocents?
Cemetery of
the Innocents.
Paris, yes.
In the late 1780s,
it was literally
overflowing with corpses.
So it was closed,
and all the bodies,
thousands,
were exhumed and moved
to a quarry, which
became catacombs.
What was left were tons
of margaric acid.
A lake of human fat.
So the government told
the soap makers
and tallow chandlers
to have at it.
Paris was not short
on candles that summer.
What's that?
The wick.
Yeah, I get that.
What's it made of?
Human skin.
And I want to know whose.
Oh, Daniel, look at you.
You used to be
such a handsome
young man.
What happened?
Life, Carol.
Look...
about that DNA
from the candle...
Shut the door.
We're avoiding
a scandal.
Vice Chancellor does not
want splashed all over
social media
the fact that
one of our students
was caught stealing
cadaver parts.
Caught and reprimanded?
Caught and expelled.
I don't suppose there's
any chance you could
tell me who it is?
-[phone rings]
-It's Harrow.
Remember that girl
from the bar?
Charlotte?
[chimes tinkle]
[clatter]
Did you follow me?
'Cause I shook the cops,
but I didn't see you.
I didn't follow you.
I worked it out.
Oh, he's smart.
Yes, my love.
He is smart.
Yeah, well, not everyone
appreciates it.
Who else knows?
Oh, heaps.
I'm a blabbermouth.
Just kill him, love,
like you said.
Shh, shh, shh, shh, shh.
[Charlotte]
I think you're alone.
I am.
So what do you want?
I want to know you.
I want to know what it
feels like to hunt.
[Philippa]
Just take the car.
Take it all.
Run.
Run!
[cries]
I want to know how it felt
when you chased her
under the moonlight.
-[barking]
-[Philippa screams]
Like wolves.
[barking]
[snarling]
[Philippa grunts,
whimpers]
Let me.
Blake wanted
to shoot her.
But...
His bad hand.
[whimpering]
Idiot.
Oh, God, no!
[groaning]
[crying]
Please!
I have a daughter!
[crossbow fires]
[Harrow]
You couldn't lift her
out of there.
But you couldn't leave
the arrow inside her,
so...
punctures skin]
I envy you--
how you hunt.
Just you, your bodies,
your weapon of wood,
your power.
The power in
that bright moment
when you have your prey
within your sights.
The choice is all yours.
To spare a life...
or to take it.
The power it takes
to pull that trigger,
so small, so beautiful,
that sends death
on your command.
That's what I envy.
The power in you that says,
"Now is the time...
to kill."
Stop.
Back.
Get back.
It's time to go.
Let him.
You missed the woman--
didn't you, Blake?--
but you won't miss me.
Let him have his reward.
He loves you.
He's under your spell.
Take it, love.
You're a clever man.
What a shame.
I'm used to it.
[bow cocks]
-[Poyner] Kill him!
-[sirens approaching]
Go!
[sirens wailing]
[tyres screeching]
Drop the knife!
Put down the knife!
Down! Get down!
Down on the ground.
[police radio chatter]
[Harrow]
We're just in here.
[inhales, exhales]
OK.
[gasps]
[sniffles]
You did her hair.
I had my assistant do it.
Is there anything
you want to know?
Do you think she was scared?
Yes.
But she tried to get away.
Why her?
Just bad luck.
They ordered a ride.
They didn't care who was
behind the wheel.
But you got them, right?
Thanks to your mother,
we found what we needed.
Yeah, we got 'em.
[dogs barking]
-Why would I
short-change you?
- I dunno.
-What would happen
the next time I needed you?
-I dunno, mate. Hundred...
Is this why they
kicked you out of
the force, Lewison?
What's that,
healthy paranoia? Heh!
Chronic stupidity.
Heh.
So what's her number?
[sniffs]
[muttering]
All right.
Good luck.
Yeah. [sniffs]
Daughters are precious.
Fern?
Fern.
Are you in there?
I'm sorry.
I wanted--
[sighs]
I still so much
want to go away
with you.
And I wish I could
tell you why I can't.
I was gonna tell you.
I so want to
tell you, but...
I think it's better
that I don't right now.
And I'm not being
selfish this time,
and I don't love
my work more than you.
I don't love anything
more than you.
Listen, if you're in there...
let me in. Please?
Idiot.
[beep]
-[Dass] So this is
the bony sections?
-[Simon] That's our femur.
[Simon] It's heavier
than you'd think.
It's a pretty
fine powder.
Yeah, which we leave
for the technicians.
So, you finally got
that femur out.
[clears throat]
Sectioned, sampled,
and ready for analysis
first thing
tomorrow morning.
You don't look
too happy about that.
Oh, no, I am.
That's great work on that.
That'll really
speed things up. Heh.
But, uh, it's late.
Why don't you go home
and see David?
Half hour, tops.
I'll just go and
clean up Exam One.
Are you OK?
Yeah.
Fine, uh...
-I'm good.
-Mm.
We're almost finished
here, apparently.
If you're not busy,
maybe you want to
grab that drink?
Or another night, maybe.
Sorry. Yeah.
[sighs] There's just
one more thing I need to do.
Sure.
[knocks]
It's OK, Mr. Hovard.
It's OK.
[sighs]
[beep]
[Harrow]
Next, onHarrow...
I put the river bones
concrete through
the CAT scan.
There's something there.
[Jack] Whatever you've done,
your secret's safe.
How awesome is getting
out of the office?
I hate lizards.
That cut's too neat.
Crocodile teeth
didn't do that.
[woman]
How could you not be?
-Not be what?
-In love with her.
I'm not in love with her.
I work with her.
Jesus Christ, do they
let any idiot
into medical school?
You wouldn't want
to be taken by one of
those things, would you?
[theme music plays]